# Math Utility
A small utility for finding significant numbers from a set of numbers, as a learning experience.

# In-program Helpsheet
My program to find different significant values from a set of inputs. Input values via args and Files. Any arguments left after defined POSIX args are parsed are read into the input array.
#### Significant value outputs currently supported include:

   Least Common Multiple
	
   Greatest Common Factor

   Largest Number

   Smallest Number

#### Output Syntax:
Each output uses the output format ```[output string] = [output]```. Each flag includes the output string in it's section.

#### Options:

--help, -h

  Display this help and exits. Overrides all other arguments.

--file, -f

   Reads input from a file specified as the next argument in the command. This must be a full file path!

--gcf

   Prints the gcf of the input as part of the output. Uses 'GCF' as output string.

--lcm

  Prints the lcm of the input as part of the output. Uses 'LCM' as output string.

--big

  Prints the largest number from the input as part of the output. Uses 'Big' as output string.

--small

  Prints the smallest number from the input as part of the output. Uses 'Small' as output string.

--sum

  Prints the sum of all the inputs as part of the output. Uses 'Sum' as output string.

--product

  Prints the product of all the inputs as a part of the output. Uses 'Product' as output string.

--sort

  Sorts input using my implementation of the QuickSort algorithm. Uses "Sorted" as output string.

--average

  Finds the average value of the input. Uses "Average" as output string.

--median

  Finds the median value of the input. WARNING: This requires the sorting of the array. This will be done automatically. Uses "Median" as output string.

--mode

  Finds the mode of the input. Uses "Mode" as output string.

# Building
Building is fairly straightforward, as this is a dub project. Simply ```cd``` into the base repository directory and run ```dub build``` to build, or ```dub run``` to build and run. The executable will be located in the main directory, and will be ignored by this repository, as will any object code or other platform-specific stuff generated by dub. If you end up with generated content that should not be included in the repository, please add it to the gitignore.

# Contributing
Fork this repo, clone it locally, and make changes! When you're ready, push your local changes to your fork, and then open a pull request!

See codemap.md for a mapping of all functions.

More functions are always wanted! If you want to write one, do so and open a pull request! If you don't know how to write one, let me know, and I'll add it!

To learn D, visit http://www.Dlang.org
